Experiment data fro the paper "Computational mechanisms of imitation in the context of reinforcement learning"

# Folders
## Data
Contains raw trial-by-trial experiment data 
## Models 
Contains matlab implementations of the computational models tested in the paper
## Figures
Contains data used for generating the Figures 3abc, 4, 5acd, 6ab, S1, S2, S3abc, S4, S5, S6, S7, S8 and S10.

- Figures 3a, 5c, 6a, S2, S3 and S5  were generated by plotting the model comparison results, based on the Akaike Information Criterion (AIC), output from the VBA toolbox (https://mbb-team.github.io/VBA-toolbox/)
- Figures 3bc, 5d, 6b and S4 were generated by plotting the individual parameter estimates, based the Log Postrior Probability (LPP) using the fmincon function in matlab. Wilcoxon signed-rank tests were carried for within-subjects comparisons, and Wilcoxon rank-sum tests for between-subjects comparisons.
- Figure 4 was generated by plotting the difference in the behavioural imitation rate calculated between two preceding demonstrations and between two consecutive choices (cf. Figure S6).
- Figure S1 was generated by plotting the correct choice rate in each condition. Paried t-test were performed.
- Figure S6 was generated by plotting the behavioural imitation rates calculated of the two demonstrations preceding preceding a private choice and the two consecutive choices following a demonstration (related to Figure 4).
- Figure S7 was generated by plotting the correct choice rate predicted by our mordel simulations against real data, at the trial level.
- Figure S8 was generated by plotting the correct choice rate predicted by our mordel simulations against real data, at the subject level.
- Figure S10  was generated by plotting the model comparison results, based on the likelihood, output from the VBA toolbox (https://mbb-team.github.io/VBA-toolbox/)

